From the beginning I knew I wanted to make a Julia Child Day inspired game. I created this idea day of Julia Child Day after the devastation of no Sin Cake. Last year the Sin Cake was incredible and I was beyond excited for it this year. But sadly NO SIN CAKE. The idea and the story line quickly came together (run around the map to find ingredients to make the sin cake). But I was not too sure how I wanted my game to run. At first I took inspiration from the game zork with the directional command to move around the map. I was going to have go in the four directions, pick up, open inventory, check recipe, and a bunch more commands. This was the main design change in my game. I suspected this would be too many commands for the player to effiecently use. One thing I hate about games is when the commands and the controls are too confusing usually taking away from the fun from the game.

During demo day, I was playing my peers games and really really loved their games. A lot of them had similar ideas with the commmands. While I played their games I got confused on which commands exist and the map. I felt the interface was too complicated taking away from their awesome game. This confirmed my suspicions about having too many commands. So I turned my whole game upside down and decided to learn how to use switches and cases. Ultimately this made my game interface much cleaner and easiser for the player. 

Sidenote: 
The image of the cake in the winning screen was from "emojicombos.com".